welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
malina
on june 10th 1940 in a little sicilian
town of castelsuto
12 year old renato experiences three
major events
italy enters world war ii he gets a new
bike
and he first sees the beautiful and
sensual young woman known as malina
who is the most desired of the town
her husband is in the forces in africa
fighting the british
and she lives alone because of her looks
and her solitary state
she is an object of lust for all the
town's men and of hatred for its women
she keeps an eye on her infirm old
father who lives alone
until he gets an anonymous note
slandering her upon which he rejects her
renato becomes obsessed with malina
spying on her in her house and stalking
her when she leaves it
to fuel his erotic fantasies he steals
some of her underwear from her clothes
line
when his parents find it in his bedroom
they become upset and try to break his
fixation
malina gets the news that her husband is
killed adding grief to her isolation
rumors grow around her which she
unwisely helps by allowing an unmarried
air force officer to visit her after
dark
when she is denounced and put on trial
the officer sends testimony that he was
nothing more than an occasional friend
the betrayal hurts but malina says
nothing to condemn him
after her acquittal her advocate calls
round and rapes her
renato decides to be malena's protector
asking god and his saints to watch over
her and performing little acts of
vengeance against her detractors
he does not realize that his views of
her are little better than those of the
townspeople
and has no idea how malina herself feels
meanwhile the war reaches sicily and the
town is bombed by the allies
killing her father now penniless and
universally scorned
with nobody willing to give her work she
sinks into prostitution
the townsfolk are happy to see her as a
[ __ ] rather than a dangerous widow
when nazi forces occupy the town and
renato encounters his idol with
two german soldiers he faints
his mother decides it is demonic
possession taking him to a priest for
exorcism
but his more practical father takes the
lad to the town brothel
there he fantasizes that the prostitute
initiating him
is malina the germans leave
and to ecstatic cheers american troops
enter the town
the women storm the hotel and drag out
malina
ripping off her clothes beating her and
cutting off her hair
to escape further persecution she leaves
the hostel town
a few days later her husband nino who
has survived as a prisoner of war but
lost an arm
comes back looking for her his house has
been taken over by displaced people and
nobody
wants to tell him how to find his wife
renato leaves him an anonymous note
saying that she still loves him but has
suffered misfortunes and gone to the
city of messina
a year later nino and malina are
strolling through the town
women notice she now looks more matronly
and plain
even if she's still beautiful they
realize that she is no longer a threat
so people begin speaking of her with
more respect
when she goes to the market the women
who beat her say good morning and call
her madam
walking home some fruit falls from her
bag and renato rushes to pick it up
he wishes her good luck and she gives
him an enigmatic half smile
the only time either has ever spoken to
or looked openly at the other
the aged renato reflects that he has
known and loved many women and has
forgotten all of them
the only one he can never forget is
malina
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you